#EP7
And that's just one side of me:It's just one part of my personality.
cheeky:rude in a funny or annoying way
reel:to move in a very unsteady way,for example because you are drunk or have been hit
I am reeling from shock:means you are struggling to recover,you can't control yourself
cynical:not believing that something good will happen or that something is important
Don't judge a book by its cover.
There is more than meets the eye.(same as Dont' judge a book by its cover)
Heis a laughing stock:a laughing stock is someone who has done something very stupid in public
#EP8
What have you been up to? = What have you been doing? (we use this question to ask about recent activities)
I've been teaching English.
To flirt with someone:When a boy flirts with a girl he might try to make her laugh.
To fancy someone:This means that you think someone is attractive.
To chat someone up:This means that you talk with someone to let make them fancy you.
You've got lovely eyes.
To go out with someone:1.It's means that you go on a date with someone. 2.It's means you are someone's boyfriend/girlfriend.
To ask someone out:This means to ask someone to go on a date.
To fall for someone:This means to fall in love with someone.
To drift apart:It means that you slowly become bored with your partner.
To split up with someone: This means that the relationship finished.
To dump someone:This means that you leave your partner and end the relationship.

#EP21
authentic:known to be real and genuine, and not a copy
The expressions and comments will stick in your head.
You'll be able to use some of the words and experssionsin your English converstion in the future,because hopefully the words will be stuck in your head.

#EP640
I strongly expect that you understood nearly all of that 
We are struggling in say what we want to say about a topic without interrupting each other too much

#EP660
I'm going to consolidate some advice for learning English with TV series and films.
I'll give yoiu some personal recommendations for British TV showsand films that you cana watch on Netflix
It seems that people assume that you should just ......
There are plenty of other things you need to do,including regular speaking practice
Personally I would say that podcasts are the best way,but whatever floats your boat
The point there is ....

#EP532
subtitles can help bridge the gap between how words and sentences sound,and how they are written
Don't worry too much if you don't understand 100%.Even in our first languages we don't always understand what's going on in films.
Don't beat yourself up if you're not able to understand it all

#EP618
I decided to go through this article which contains various graphs and charts illustratin the way climate chnge is happening and what the likely knock-on effects are.
In terms of learning English , there is language here to look out for.
Obiously there's the language we use to talk about the climate